You dare to be shameless with you, right?
Come
Throw this dog thing out for me
Ah! What are you doing?
What are you looking at? I'll kick two dogs today.
Teach unfilial children and grandchildren a lesson
You have to take a step forward
I will ask my grandfather to freeze all the assets of the Qiao family
The store and other chambers of commerce will not allow you to quarrel
Okay, then you can ask Shen Wansan if he dares
Grandpa Shen Xiaobo, you are willing to fight
I am not your grandfather
Grandpa, this is
Why don't you kneel down and apologize?
I kneel down and apologize to this trash
Are you mistaken?
Hey, kneel down
His subordinate Shen Wansan ruled the family without offending Wang Wei
Please also ask the law to kill
Is he the king of blood you often send?
I'm not. Could it be that you are?
main kill
Xiao Sun is young and ignorant
Offended the main wound
Still feel heavily punished?
Child? Ergou
I order you to resume cooperation with Joe's Group immediately
Inject money 300 million to my wife Qiao Qinghe